Add SR2023 competition event (#465)
srobo/website: _events/sr2023/competition.md

---
title: Competition
date: 2023-04-01 09:00:00 Europe/London
end_date: 2023-04-02 17:00:00 Europe/London
layout: event
type: competition
location: TBA
---

> The Student Robotics Competition marks the ultimate stage of SR2023, showcasing the months of preparation. Our teams will work hard to push their robots to the limit and quickly make repairs between league matches. We will finish the weekend with the finals where the best bots will be named victorious.

Author: ```suggestion
The Student Robotics Competition marks the grand finale of SR2023. Showcasing the months of preparation our teams have put in, robots will be pushed to their limits, time critical repairs will be made, and invaluable problem solving skills will be gained. We will finish the weekend with the our knockout where the best robots will be named victorious.

```

> The Student Robotics Competition marks the grand finale of SR2023. Showcasing the months of preparation our teams have put in, robots will be pushed to their limits, time critical repairs will be made, and invaluable problem solving skills will be gained. We will finish the weekend with the our knockout where the best robots will be named victorious.

Author: ```suggestion
The Student Robotics Competition marks the grand finale of SR2023. Showcasing the months of preparation our teams have put in, robots will be pushed to their limits, time critical repairs will be made, and invaluable problem solving skills will be gained. We will finish the weekend with our knockout where the best robots will be named victorious.

```
